---
layout: post
title: Catalyst Outing
---

Recently, I went to San Francisco on an outing with my catalyst cohort. Some highlights of my experience were as follows:

One of the most memorable stops was visiting GitHub headquarters. The best part of this experience was learning about the diverse career paths people take to enter the tech industry. A standout moment was hearing from PJ Metz, who gave an inspiring talk on the importance of being confused. He emphasized how confusion can be a sign of growth. It was a powerful reminder that tech isn’t a straight path, and learning to embrace uncertainty is part of the journey.

We also visited Fort Point to see the Black Gold: Stories Untold exhibit beneath the Golden Gate Bridge. As someone who had never been to San Francisco before, I was amazed by the scenery. The exhibit was both powerful and thought-provoking. The view from the top of the fort, though partially obscured by fog, was breathtaking. At the right moment, you could see the intricate details of the bridge and even catch a glimpse of Alcatraz in the distance.

For dinner, we went to Brenda’s in Oakland to try their Cajun soul food. The food was great, but the real highlight was meeting Kenyatta Forbes, an accomplished Black woman in tech. She generously shared her story and gave us insight into how careers can evolve in unexpected ways. Her message, that your professional path doesn't have to be defined by your degree, really resonated with me. It was empowering to hear how she forged her own way in tech.

I'm incredibly grateful to have had these experiences, and I especially want to thank the Open Source Catalyst program at UCSC for making it all possible. These excursions not only deepened my understanding of open source but also helped me reflect on my growth as a computer science student and the many ways I can shape my career journey.
